please describe your job title and
primary duties so basically I'm a
hostess so you're in the front of the
restaurant and that like I basically
seat customers I greet them I talk to
them like have a basic conversation and
after that like it's just minimal
interaction with the customers and then
you seat them down the servers will take
care of them in between like two minutes
so your job is just that much like you
receive the customer as you seat them
down and you come back one like
different type of job type thing is like
I have to roll cutlery that's about it
what was the work environment like I
just started working so it's actually a
really nice environment like I have it's
my first job I was afraid but they're
really nice like they they know your
hours like you're a student so they
worked over like with you they don't
work against you and the employees are
really nice they're young just like me
like University student so we have a lot
to talk about yeah it's really nice they
give you a lot of like freedom like
you're not like bound like oh this is
what you have to do this is what you
have to do like you do it but you do it
like you do it it's fun it's not bad how
would you describe the application and
interview process for me oh is a walk-in
interview so but basically all I know
there's a you have to print out an
application for them and yet to fill it
out and they're what they're like that
what their main concern is four hours
can you work and how many hours can work
and like you have to you have to have
people skills like you have to be able
to talk to people be able to have a keep
a conversation up and like it's a basic
job description like you have to be very
confident and you have to be able to
follow rules and
like that's about it like and there's a
printer application but for me it was a
walk-in but still they asked me for my
hours I had to fill out an application
sitting there but that's about it
what questions to think of you were
asked during the job interview - it was
cool you into the program you're in and
they like kind of talk to you about that
that has nothing not it's not off topic
or anything it's all about the job what
other advice would you give to a job
seeker looking to get employment be
flexible like know where you're about to
start because it could be hectic like
sometimes you are working alone and it's
kind of hard to get the customers and
everything but once you get think of
it's alright but you should be like you
should be a people person
basically it's there's a lot of
interaction with people